Now that you've created a Catkin workspace,
and added the simple R package to it,
you are ready to write some RA's nodes.
In this lesson, you'll write RA's nodes in C++ that publish and subscribe to topics.
You'll also write the RA's service that can be called from a client node,
or from the command line.
The first node that you'll be writing is called simple mover.
The simple mover node does nothing more than
published joint angle commands to simple arm.
Once you've understand the general structure of a RA's node,
you write a second node called R-mover.
The R-mover node provides a service called safe move,
which allows the R to be move to
any position within its workspace that has proven to be safe.
The safe zone is bounded by minimum and the maximum joint angles,
and it's configurable via the RA's parameter server.
The last and third node you write in this lesson is the look away node.
This node subscribes to the aren't
joint positions and a topic where camera data is being published.
When the camera detects an image with uniform color, meaning,
that it's looking at the sky and the ARM is not moving,
then what we'll call the safe move service via
a client to move the ARM to a new position.
With these new skills,
you'd have everything you need as I call the upcoming projects in this program